Beginning of the Game
  My name’s Gourmet Shamsay. I’ve got 53 Michelin Stars, 14 James Beard Awards, and all 6 infinity stones.
  Of all the restaurants I own, “The Sham” is by far the worst. Truth be told, I’d sooner serve raw chicken than step foot in a place like this again.
  However, I come today with an opportunity. The sous chef at one of my infinitely better restaurants had a nervous breakdown. Apparently I’m “impossible to work with.” And have “broken the Geneva Convention.”
  Out of the four of you, whoever delivers the best service today will be taking his place. 
  The question is… which one will it be

Character Select
  Rigatoni. Went to chef school in Paris, Idaho. An unlikely duo consisting of a filthy, hairy little pest, and a mouse.
  Bill Burgers. Makes a good sandwich and a better mustache. He’s a family man whose greatest dream is to spend more time away from his kids.
  Cousin Ricky. Great with customers, terrible with fish. Don’t ask about his family, nobody actually knows whose cousin he is.
  Sweaty Todd. Former barber. Gonna be honest, We didn’t actually hire him. He just showed up one day and started serving meat pies.

Game Start
  What are you waiting for? Get to it! 
  No time for standing around! Go take some orders!
  No time for standing around! Go take some orders! … The fuck do you mean, “waiters”
  Oh by the way, I had to fire our waitstaff, so you lot will be taking orders as well. Hop to it!

Order taken
  Wow, that one was ugly. 
  You heard the customer, move it!
  Okay, Let’s see if you can handle this. 
  Order taken! Bravo. 
  Order taken! That was the easy part.

Nasty Order taken
  DISGUSTING!
  Who in their right mind would order that?!?
  Are you actually going to cook that?!?
  Are you actually going to cook that?!?… Now that’s dedication. 
Picked up item - Spatula
  Put that down, that’s not a toy!
  Who the fuck left that there?
Picked Up Item - Speed Potion
  Pick up the pace, let’s go!
  Cmon, move it!
  The fuck was in that bottle?

Picked up item - Fireball
  Oh fuck me, is that magic!
  You’re gonna set the whole bloody kitchen on fire!
  Try not to burn down the kitchen!

Picked up item - Sauce Bottle
  WHERE’S THE SHAM SAUCE?!?
  Must’ve forgotten to put that one away.

Picked up item - Banana Peel
  Watch your Step!
  Who left that there?
  Someone needs to throw that out.

Picked up item - Rubber Glove
  Keep your hands clean!
  Rubber? RUBBER?!?

Picked up item - Bone
  That’s too big to be a chicken bone…
  This chicken is BONE DRY!!!

Event - Bananas
  WHAT, ARE THERE FUCKING MONKEY’s IN THE CEILING?!?
  Watch out for those!
  There’s bananas all over the floor, fuck me!
  There’s more apes in the kitchen than I thought, watch out!

Event - Dimensional Portal
  IS THAT A BLOODY PORTAL!
  WHY IS THERE A DIMENSIONAL PORTAL IN THE KITCHEN?!?
  Ignore that wormhole and keep cooking!
  (If success) Look at that, you went to a parallel kitchen that’s actually competent!
  (If success) Well fuck me, that was weird.
  (If failure) I told you not to go in there!
  (If failure) Brilliant, now you’re stuck in a torturous hellscape.
  (If failure) Brilliant, now you’re stuck in a torturous hellscape. Say hi to mum for me. 

Event - Power Outage
  Did someone trip on a plug?!?
  There’s something up with the lights, don’t let that stop you. 
  A real chef doesn’t need to see what he’s cooking, he only needs to taste it!

Order Delivered
  Order completed!
  Order fulfilled!
  (Bad order) Are you at the wrong table?
  (Bad order) Bloody hell, what are you doing?!?
  (Bad order) You’re an embarrassment!
  (Bad order) It’s fucking UNDERCOOKED!!!
  (Bad order) That’s a disgrace!
  (Ok order) What, you want a medal?
  (Ok order) You remind me of myself, back when I was still shit. 
  (Ok order) my 5 year old cooks better than you!
  (Ok order) Don’t stop now, keep cooking!
  (Perfect order) Guess that’ll do. 
  (Perfect order) Adequate!
  (Perfect order) Could be better, could be worse. 
  (Perfect order) That could certainly be worse

One minute left
  One minute to closing!
  One minute to closing, get to it!
  The bell doesn’t dismiss you, I do!
  You’re not done yet! MAKE. THOSE. SHAMWICHES!

Victory
  Rigatoni: Congratulations! Now tell me, is Rigatoni the mouse or the man?
  Bill Burgers: Congratulations! You might want to get a hairnet.
  Cousin Ricky: Congratulations! No more cleaning forks for this guy!
  Sweaty Todd: Congratulations! I tracked down your associate, and she agreed to give me that pie recipe you’ve been using.

